docs(api): concurrent module actions (#20027)
OpenTrons/opentrons-api: api/docs/v2/modules/temperature_module.rst

Temperature Control
===================

> The primary function of the module is to control the temperature of its deck. As with the Heater-Shaker Module, you can use either a blocking or non-blocking command to control how your protocol proceeds. 

Reviewer: Comparison to H-S is spurious; this article should stand on its own. Something like this:

```suggestion
The primary function of the module is to control the temperature of its deck. As of API version 2.27, it provides both blocking and concurrent temperature commands to control how your protocol proceeds. 
```
